add cow amm docs (#1)
bleu-fi/cowprotocol-docs: docs/cow-protocol/tutorials/cow-amm-deployer.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# CoW AMM Deployer

> [CoW AMM](https://cow.fi/cow-amm) is a production-ready implementation of an FM-AMM that supplies liquidity for trades made on CoW Protocol. Solvers compete with each other for the right to trade against the AMM. The winning solver is the one that moves the AMM curves higher.

Reviewer: link to more docs about cow amm

> [CoW AMM Deployer](https://app.safe.global/share/safe-app?appUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fmonorepo-cow-amm-deployer.vercel.app&chain=eth) is an interface developed by [bleu](https://github.com/bleu-fi) to deploy and manage CoW AMMs from Safe wallets. The project was funded by the [CoW Grants DAO](https://grants.cow.fi/) to help users without programming skills to take advantage of the CoW AMM.

Reviewer: would use the definitive domain if we plan to deploy one, otherwise fallback to  https://deploy-cow-amm.bleu.fi/ which is what we applied to get the project approved and listed by Safe

## Access the app

> The app is a Safe App, which means it is only accessible from a Safe wallet. It is recommended that the Safe wallet should only be used for this purpose. Additionally, the Safe wallet should have the tokens to provide liquidity to the AMM before creating it. So, the steps to use the app are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app is only accessible from a Safe wallet. **It is recommended that the Safe wallet only be used for the purpose of deploying the CoW AMM.** Also please take note that the Safe wallet must already have the tokens you plan to use to provide liquidity to the AMM before creating it.

Here's what you need to be ready before using the CoW AMM Deployer:
```

* 🆕 [Create a new Safe](https://app.safe.global/welcome) wallet
* 📤 Transfer both tokens with the desired amount from your wallet to the recently created Safe wallet.

> * 🔌 With your Safe wallet, open [CoW Swap (Safe App)](https://app.safe.global/share/safe-app?appUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fswap.cow.fi&chain=eth)

Reviewer: why? 🤔
